vault: default tlsSkipVerify to false (#26664)
hashicorp/nomad: .changelog/26664.txt

```release-note:bug

> keyring: fixes an issue where tlsSkipVerify was not defaulting to false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keyring: fixes an issue with Vault transit configuration where tls_skip_verify was not defaulting to false
```
